The Emperor seems to be in a good mood.
Is there some good news?
I have something to discuss with the Empress Dowager today.
What’s the matter? The harem has not yet established an empress.
Concubine Rong has a noble lineage.
She is virtuous and gentle.
If she had not cared for me attentively,
I wouldn’t have recovered so quickly.
I
want to make Concubine Rong the Empress.
What’s wrong with that?
Her promotion has been too rapid.
Both the court and the harem have reservations.
With Prince Duan’s death,
the situation is set.
I still need their approval to establish an empress.
You must understand, Emperor,
the Empress is crucial to the nation’s fortune.
It cannot be decided hastily.
Though Su Shi has indeed served you well,
appointing him as Empress recklessly
will surely bring disaster to Su Shi.
Quickly retract your decision.
This matter is not to be taken lightly.
Punish them as needed.
Emperor, please return first.
I’m here again.
Last time it was granted by the Empress Dowager.
This time it’s the Emperor.
Such a damnable sense of fate.
What a grand palace, Your Highness.
Oh no, now it’s Your Highness the Noble Consort.
This servant pays respects to Noble Consort.
Noble Consort, may you have peace and prosperity.
Your Highness, rest assured.
This servant will do her utmost to take care of you.
This damned sense of destiny.
It seems next time it will be the Kun Ning Palace.